I get carried away looking for words that
fit while me or how do they lie
dressed in suit the same as they speak
of peace later they pull the trigger and
with our public money the
pockets talk about abolishing racism and
each region and then encourage it in
TV series I do not know what
we know badly talked to myself just
you have to be groups if you pretend
fix it all the distance this
attacker do not abide rules try
untie the knots teach them ways yo
I did not come here to be always
depressed and that's why he dedicated a
smile to every enemy and every day I say
Diego arrived hope is alive if I drink
do not ask the reason and look for days I continue
I told my farm is my culture I
the blind if I cry do not ask better
stay out of the do not care much
my image I have more than others that do not
no luggage always worries because
not the people they do not have the
blame for their failures and only dream of
seals and understand who depend on a
demanding public egypt needs a
urgent change with his
open minds the change is imminent
just open your eyes and wake up
a strong heart always calls is
growing is flame environment you see burning
breastfeeding it's good to do that
pure and have a double face that can
cheat your smile but not your look I give
a subtle puff while a rifle loads
his bullets to protect himself from innocents
what happens outside is not interested in that
people who have four songs but they
see not enough money that no no
you buy me, you keep getting on board
Paulaner watching shadows and being frank
your works you will not know will know well your
way and do not leave crumbs in the shade if
you do not want to be followed during your
honor
they
2012 again